Q1: Why might we consider using Git?

Answer: Git is super useful for version control and allows developers to be able to stage their changes incrementally while maintaining a history of changes. It also allows developers to revert potential bugs in the codebase by leveraging the commit history. 

Q2: What field could data science be applied to? Give an Example.

Answer: Data science could be applied to financial fields. An example would be that a commodities trader might want to be able to predict the future volatility of natural gas by investigating many features like weather forecasts, satellite data, and geopolitical shocks. The predicted volatility from the model would inform the pricing of commodity options, allowing traders to spot good trading opportunities. 

Q3: What is the difference between Merging and Rebasing?

Answer: Merging preserves the history of both git branches and joins them together via a merge commit. The commit history is joined together and the commit history will show the full branching history of where the branches were joined together. Rebasing, on the other hand, treats the changes in the feature branch as if they were written linearly on top of the main branch. Rebasing creates a linear commit history because there is no merge commit and interveaving between branches. Merging is simpler and maintains the entire history of the branches whereas rebasing is potentially more complicated but maintains a cleaner commit history by rewriting commits on top of the main branch. 

Q4: What are you looking forward to this semester?

Answer: I'm looking forward to learning the fundamentals of data science and apply the data science development lifecycle to a real world dataset as part of this course's semester long project. I also hope to enhance my collaboration skills while working in the group project. In terms of course content, I am particularly excited to learn more about statistical and ML methods and their applications in real world data science.  
